Welcome back.
Let's finally finish up this exercise and what we want to do here is use a middle where middle words
are very very useful in something like a server because we make sure that we can handle cases where
we always need to act upon the request.
For example body parser does Jaison allows us to add Jason to our request body and have access to it.
So it would be really really nice if we have a require off method or middleware that we can use that
always checks and protects any endpoints that should be very sensitive and should only have authority
accessing.
So let's write that out first.
I want to make sure that I'll create a Auth. service.
Let's say that says require
and any endpoint that requires Auth. can just use this.
In my case maybe we don't want it for the register because well people are registering they don't have
authorization.
However I do want to for profile ID for getting a profile I want it also for profile.
Updates and perhaps for images as well we want to make sure whoever is using our image recognition service
is an actual user so that using this new middleware that we're going to implement nobody unless you're
a registered user that has sessions with us that is signed in and is in our database.
Well if you're not one of them you're not getting access here.
So let's go ahead and actually create this now.
Usually I like creating a middleware folder but for now let's just create a controller file and we're
going to call this file authorization dodgy Yes.
And this authorization.
Yes.
Well the very first thing we need is the red S client.
We need to make sure that we can do a check to the Radice client that we have that user and because
the Radice client is an the signing.
Doug Yes we can just imported here for now but for future we might want to move that to the server so
that other files that I needed other controllers and middleware can just importing.
For now though let's just add the Berettas client to our exports
to make sure we add a comment here and let's grab the rattus client from
our relative path which is the sign in dodginess and we're just going to call the red S client method
on it.
And let's create this middleware now.
I'm going to say cost require Auth. equals.
It's going to receive the request and the response because remember answered that Jesus every time this
gets called They're going to receive a request response parameter in here.
Now let me make sure I say this.
So we have that available now in here.
There's actually a third parameter that you get with Express and it's called next.
And next as the name suggests allows us to keep going down the chain in here by using next.
I say OK do something in this function.
Once it's done if I run next it keeps going to the next part which is here.
So we want to make sure that within here at the very end whatever we do we're going to call next by
returning next.
So it's a middleware a middleware just less things pass through my modify things or check things in
the middle.
Just like the Course package or body posture or Morgan does it watches the request response does something
to it like logging out and then calls next.
So it keeps passing it through.
For now and require auth we're going to do a simple logic here that says if there is authorization
then we're going to request or we're going to grab those from the headers.
And now we can do a check if there's no authorization.
In that case I want to return and not even bother going on with the next.
Just return a response status that is 401.
And we'll just say that this is going to say Jaison on authorized.
However if they do have the authorization tokin and their request in that case we want to return whatever
the Radice client gives us.
So if we do a get request we're going to have the authorization as the key and we're going to try and
get that.
And based on the Get we're going to get an error reply and we've done this before and this error reply
will have let's say if there or no reply.
In that case we're going to once again let's just return the same thing a 401.
Otherwise we're just going to actually leave it like that or even we can put it up.
So what's happening here.
Well all we're doing require authors doing is trying to block the request from going any further unless
we meet all the criteria.
If there's enough authorization Hetter if there's none well just say on authorized if there is an authorization
header we're going to check rattus make sure that we actually have something there.
If we don't well then unauthorized.
Otherwise we're going to do absolutely nothing.
We're just going to pass that through and do next to get whatever endpoint the user needs.
And that's a nice simple demonstration of middleware and we can use this in a nice way now.
Just like I showed you by doing module exports
and legist console log here so we can see it's a fact you shall pass hand in here will say require off.
Let's say that.
And finally in server.
Dodgy Yes.
Actually import this.
And let's call it off and it's going to come from the authorization thought yes or we don't need the
yes for now.
Just leave it like that.
Now we can use off Daut require all.
So if I save here hopefully we get Nowhere's we do get a few years.
Let's see what we've messed here.
Type air require at his client is not a function.
So I might have not exploited that properly.
Let's check that out.
Free go to seinen.
We want to make sure that red S client is exported and we actually don't need to run this function as
should just be like this.
Make sure everything runs OK.
App is running on port three thousand.
If I go back to my terminal click sign in.
All right I'm able to sign in and I get you shell pass.
All right.
Perfect.
What if I try to get an image.
Let's just do a face
images.
Well I'll use this one
come back here.
Detect boy on authorized and we're getting a few errors here.
Now why is that.
And there's some error handling that we can improve here.
But the main thing is we're hitting these endpoints.
Image your L image that well they're unauthorized.
We're not actually we've haven't implemented on the front end.
What happens when we do the handle image and handle API call because we want to actually send the token.
And if we don't send a token we should not expect anything back.
So let's go back to our front end and fix some of this.
We need to add the authorization header to our image and image you are at endpoints.
So let me just copy this and come on down to the laptop.
Yes.
And an apt.
Yes find a where we call our images and we see that.
All right.
It's here on Bunz submit we called the image Jaro and image endpoints and they don't have the authorization
headers set.
So let's do that.
I'm going to say authorization and in here we have to get the.
So we'll just do window session storage get item and we'll just simply get
token.
And hopefully there's something for us to check if not well that's fine too.
And we're going to do the exact same thing in here as well for the image you all.
So let's try that.
Make sure everything works.
Go back to our app going to refresh make sure that we have our token we do we want to grab a face that
we can test pasted in here.
All right everything is working.
If we go back to our app it says you shall pass perfect.
We have the right request.
But for some reason if I delete this and tried to submit a different face to this one over here
and press detect go on authorized and we got some errors on authorized unauthorized and we see that
in Abdulle Yes there's a bit of an error because in the calculate face location Well there's an issue
there let's go check it out.
On line 97 we expect calculate face to return something.
But in our case we're not because while we're not authorized it.
So I can just do a simple IF statement here.
If let's say data
or data and data outputs.
In that case do some of this
otherwise well well just return.
Let's save
and we have to sign in again.
Let's make sure that our token is gone.
The Takht.
Oh boy we get a few more hours.
And this is something that you really want to be careful of with making sure that we validate whatever
we do here because calculate face location is being used right here to display the face boxes.
So we again want to make sure that this doesn't fail and perhaps give it another option of not updating
state if boxes doesn't exist.
So we can't say a return something like what we can just have a return up here and we can just say if
there's no boxes or if there is boxes we'll do this well update.
We'll update the state save again one last time.
Let's see if all of this works sign in.
Delete our token.
Make sure we have the face
try that again make sure we have this information.
And detect.
All right.
It's unauthorized.
We have unauthorized unauthorized unauthorized perfect.
And our little endpoint is telling us you shall not pass perfect.
All right.
That was a lot but we've managed to do some really exciting things.
And in the next video we're going to review all the things that we've done put them all together so
that we have a nice idea of all the work that we've put in to set this up.
I'll see in the next one by.